Create doc for ec2_imdsv2_transition_payload_enabled (#27666)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/integrations/guide/aws-integration-troubleshooting.md

IMDSv2, in its default configuration, refuses connections with an IP hop count greater than one, that is, connections that have passed through an IP gateway. This can cause problems when the Agent is running in a container with a network other than the host's network, as the runtime forwards the container's traffic through a virtual IP gateway. This is common in ECS deployments. The following options may remedy this issue:

 * [Increase the maximum hop count to at least `2`][8]. Doing so may have implications for the security of data stored in the IMDS, as it permits containers other than the Agent to access this data as well.
 * Use the hostname discovered by cloud-init, by [setting `providers.eks.ec2.useHostnameFromFile` to true][9].
 * Run the Agent in the host UTS namespace, by [setting `agents.useHostNetwork` to true][10].

### EC2 hostname with IMDS

> #### Before Agent release 7.64.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Agent released before 7.64.0
```

Reviewer 2: Can we actually do 

```suggestion
#### Agent versions before 7.64.0
```

> In some situations, the configuration of EC2's [IMDSv2][5] makes it impossible for the Agent to access metadata. This causes the Agent to fall back to the `os` hostname provider instead of `aws`, as seen in the output of `agent status`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some situations, the of EC2 [IMDSv2][5] configuration may make it impossible for the Agent to access the necessary metadata. This can cause the Agent to fall back to the `os` hostname provider instead of `aws`, as seen in the output of `agent status`.
```

The AWS API supports disabling IMDSv1, which the Agent uses by default. If this is the case, but IMDSv2 is enabled and accessible, set the parameter `ec2_prefer_imdsv2` to `true` (defaults to `false`) in your [Agent configuration][6]. See the [Transition to using Instance Metadata Service Version 2][7] documentation for details.

> Upgrading to Datadog Agent 7.64.0+ resolves these issues because Datadog Agent 7.64.0+ defaults to using IMDSv2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upgrading to Datadog Agent 7.64.0+ should resolve these issues as the newer version of the Agent use IMDSv2 by default.
```

IMDSv2, in its default configuration, refuses connections with an IP hop count greater than one, that is, connections that have passed through an IP gateway. This can cause problems when the Agent is running in a container with a network other than the host's network, as the runtime forwards the container's traffic through a virtual IP gateway. This is common in ECS deployments. The following options may remedy this issue:

 * [Increase the maximum hop count to at least `2`][8]. Doing so may have implications for the security of data stored in the IMDS, as it permits containers other than the Agent to access this data as well.
 * Use the hostname discovered by cloud-init, by [setting `providers.eks.ec2.useHostnameFromFile` to true][9].
 * Run the Agent in the host UTS namespace, by [setting `agents.useHostNetwork` to true][10].

### EC2 hostname with IMDS

#### Agent versions before 7.64.0

> In some situations, the of EC2 [IMDSv2][5] configuration may make it impossible for the Agent to access the necessary metadata. This can cause the Agent to fall back to the `os` hostname provider instead of `aws`, as seen in the output of `agent status`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some situations, the EC2 [IMDSv2][5] configuration may make it impossible for the Agent to access the necessary metadata. This can cause the Agent to fall back to the `os` hostname provider instead of `aws`, as seen in the output of `agent status`.
```

The AWS API supports disabling IMDSv1, which the Agent uses by default. If this is the case, but IMDSv2 is enabled and accessible, set the parameter `ec2_prefer_imdsv2` to `true` (defaults to `false`) in your [Agent configuration][6]. See the [Transition to using Instance Metadata Service Version 2][7] documentation for details.

> Upgrading to Datadog Agent 7.64.0+ should resolve these issues as the newer version of the Agent use IMDSv2 by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upgrading to Datadog Agent 7.64.0+ should resolve these issues as the newer versions of the Agent use IMDSv2 by default.
```

#### Agent version 7.64.0 and after

Starting at v7.64.0, the Datadog Agent defaults to using IMDSv2 and falls back on IMDSv1 in case of failure. To revert to the previous behavior, set `ec2_imdsv2_transition_payload_enabled` to `false` in your host configuration.

> In some AWS instances, only IMDSv2 is enabled by default. See the [Transition to using Instance Metadata Service Version 2][7] documentation for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [Transition to using Instance Metadata Service Version 2][7] documentation for details.
```
